Appendix A Summary of guidelinesCppcheck Error: The analyze target failed because your local cppcheck binary was not compiled with PCRE support, which is
      required to use the --rule-file option. I recommend removing the --rule-file flag from CMakeLists.txt for now to let the
      rest of the analysis proceed.
Rule 1.1 The program shall contain no violations of the standard C syntax and constraints, and shall not exceed the implementation's translation limits.
Rule 1.2 Language extensions should not be used.
Rule 1.3 There shall be no occurrence of undefined or critical unspecified behaviour.
Rule 2.1 A project shall not contain unreachable code.
Rule 2.2 There shall be no unused parameters in functions.
Rule 3.1 The basic numerical types of char, int, short, long, long long shall not be used.
Rule 4.1 All identifiers shall be distinct.
Rule 4.2 Trigraphs shall not be used.
Rule 5.1 External identifiers shall be distinct.
Rule 8.1 Types shall be defined precisely using fixed-width integers (e.g., uint32_t).
Rule 8.2 Function types shall be specified in prototype form with named parameters.
Rule 8.4 A compatible declaration shall be visible when an object or function with external linkage is defined.
Rule 8.7 Functions and objects should not be tagged as external if they can have internal linkage.
Rule 10.1 Operands shall not be of an inappropriate essential type.
Rule 11.1 Conversions shall not be performed between a pointer to a function and any other type.
Rule 12.1 The precedence of operators within expressions should be made explicit by the use of parentheses.
Rule 13.1 Initializer lists shall not contain side effects.
Rule 14.4 The controlling expression of an if statement or an iteration statement shall have essentially Boolean type.
Rule 15.1 The goto statement should not be used.
Rule 15.6 The body of an if-else statement or a loop shall be enclosed in braces.
Rule 17.1 The features of <stdarg.h> shall not be used (Variable arguments).
Rule 18.1 Pointers to different memory chunks shall not be compared.
Rule 20.1 Macros shall not be used to redefine reserved words of the C language.
Rule 21.3 The memory allocation and deallocation functions of <stdlib.h> (malloc, free) shall not be used.